Remove redundant sentences from supported OSes (#2800)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/ref_supported-operating-systems.adoc

endif::[]
|====

> {Team} advises against using an existing system, since the installer will affect the configuration of several components.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{Team} advises against using an existing system because the {Project} installer will affect the configuration of several components.
```

Reviewer 2: ACK

Author: Done

> It's not advisable to follow the steps below on an existing system, since the installer will affect the configuration of several components.

Author: Perhaps phrase it stronger by saying `{Team} advises against following ...`. Or is it just me that feels "advise against" is stronger than "does not advise"?

> It's not advisable to follow the steps below on an existing system, since the installer will affect the configuration of several components.

Reviewer: I think our "default" wording here is "{Team} recommends .../does not recommend ...":

```
guides/common/modules/proc_registering-a-host.adoc
49:{Team} recommends that you avoid insecure calls.
```

"advise against" also feels stronger (and therefore better!) to me.

> It's not advisable to follow the steps below on an existing system, since the installer will affect the configuration of several components.

Reviewer 2: I am fine with "Team does not recommend" too.

> It's not advisable to follow the steps below on an existing system, since the installer will affect the configuration of several components.

Author: Updated and I've shortened it a bit too
